## Adrian Wong

I am your typical recent Maths graduate who discovered coding whilst working in
a financial internship. I decided to join Maker's Academy to give it a go. I
thoroughly enjoyed my time and learnt a lot. Now, I want to continue my path to
become a full stack developer and work in an environment where I will constantly
be learning.

## Skills

#### Logical Thinking

I have always been interested in problem solving and so that's why I went on to
do a bachelor's and postgraduate degree in Mathematics. I was invited to sit the
final round of the **British Maths Olympiad in 2008 and 2009**. I have also been
able to translate this to coding, as demonstrated in my <a
href="https://github.com/adrianw1832/sudoku_challenge/blob/master/app/public/javascript/sudoku.js">Sudoku
Challenge</a>, where I was able to implement an algorithm which solves any
sudoku through backtracking.  I am used to breaking down and solving a complex
problems because that is a process I am already familiar with from Maths.

#### Communication

Right after Makers, I **worked with Thoughtbot on a week long design sprint**
and learnt that being a good developer does not mean only being good at coding.
I was a **Kumon Maths tutor** for 2 years during which I developed the ability
to explain complex concepts in a simple manner. It also taught me to be patient
and understand that people think in various ways. That provided me different
viewpoints on a particular problem and taught me to tackle them in a new light.
I continued to develop this at Makers through **pair programming** and during my
time as an **alumni helper** after I graduated.

## Education

#### Makers Academy (07/2015 - 10/2015)

During my time at Makers, I was introduced to **TDD** and **BDD**, and with
time, I grew to appreciate them. Writing clean and readable code was something
that resonated with me because it reminded me of the neat and elegant solutions
you can have to a Maths problem. The standard curriculum introduced us to Ruby,
Javascript, Jquery, Angular, Rails and their respective testings suites, but I
also experimented with other technologies like Node, Express, Mongo, HTML Canvas
and various other libraries. I started doing **Upcase** right after I graduated
and have since fallen in love with <a
href="https://www.github.com/adrianw1832/dotfiles">Vim</a>. To share back what I
have learnt, I have **given several talks** at Makers on how to code more
efficiently and on getting started with Vim.

#### King's College London (2013 - 2014)

Msc in Financial Mathematics

#### King's College London (2012 - 2013)

Postgraduate Diploma in Mathematics

#### Imperial College London (2009 - 2012)

Bsc in Mathematics

